Let's look at the solution for parsing a JSON payload into separate fields.
The first thing I'm going to do is make sure that Kafka is running.
I'm going to type ps-ef,
ensuring up it is not running.
I'm going to click "Start Kafka."
I'm going to close this.
I'm going to make this a little easier to work with.
I just scroll down to the last thing,
the terminals saying it's still starting Kafka.
I'm going to start up Spark because I didn't see that running either. No spark here.
I'm going to go to home/workspace/spark/sbin lists
that and I see start master and start slave scripts.
I'm going to say start-master.sh with dot slash, that means here.
I've now got the log file.
I'm going to cut that,
and I'm going to cut it one more time,
and there is my spark URI for the master.
I've got my other script.
I'm going to use to start the worker,
and I'm going to pass the URI of the master to it.
That's started up Spark.
If I say ps-ef,
now I see Spark once and twice,
and it looks like Kafka is almost done as well. Yes, it is.
Now I can start coding and I'm ready to submit my application as soon as it's done.
The first thing I want to do is look at the JSON format that I'll be
parsing and create a dictionary or a schema for it.
This kind of data is actually for bank deposits.
So I'm going to create a schema called bankDepositSchema,
and that's a StructType,
and that's a Python class we use to create schemas.
We use an array of StructFields to do that,
and they need to match each of these field names exactly and the types.
The first one is account number and what's the type?
It's got quotes around it,
and so because of that,
we need it to be called a string.
How about the amount?
That doesn't have quotes.
It's not a string, it's actually at float.
So we're going to import flow type because we didn't have that imported,
and we're going to call it FloatType.
DateAndTime is surrounded by quotes as well.
There are some other formats like date that would work.
We're not going to be using the date for really anything other than display purposes,
so for the purpose of this exercise,
we'll just call it a string,
which will work fine.
Now we've got the schema and we're ready to create a SparkSession.
The name of the topic needs to be an exact match but the application name doesn't.
I usually make them the same,
that doesn't always work.
You might have a Spark application that reads lots of topics.
You might want to just think of a name that describes what it's
doing or setting the log level to what?
To WARN. That's lower than info,
which is the default.
I don't like info because it gives a lot of
data and it's hard to find what you're looking for.
Now let's read from the Kafka topic.
We're going to call the dataframe that we get,
bankDepositsRawStreamingDF for dataframe, and we're going to call it readStream.format.
What's the format? Kafka. What are the options we need? What's the first one?
Kafka.bootstrap.servers.
The first server and the only one in our case is localhost:9092,
that's the port number.
What else do we need to tell the topic?
They call that the subscribe option,
and that does need to be an exact match with our topic name.
We want to get all the data,
so what will the value be here?
Earliest. We're going to load,
and that'll load the data from that topic into a dataframe.
We're going to take the binary format that we get and convert it to non-binary.
We'll create another dataframe to hold it called bankDepositStreamingDF,
and we're going to refer to the raw data
and run an expression against it to change some things.
We want to cast the key as a string instead of binary,
and the key is the account number.
We're going to cast the value as a string as well,
and the value in this case is the bankDepositJson.
Now we've got our schema and we've got the JSON.
Let's have fun with that.
We're going to take the JSON and use the schema with it.
Make it some meaningful fields.
I'm going to go ahead and take the streaming dataframe and call.withColumn.
The column I'm acting on that I'm actually going to replace is bankDepositJson.
Then I'm going to call from JSON to populate that field, I'm overriding it.
Where is the JSON coming from?
The bankDepositJson field.
Where is the schema coming from?
BankDepositSchema.
Now I want to select the nested fields that are created as a result.
I'm going to use the call function and I'm going to select bankDepositJson.star.
That gives me another dataframe that has the field selected like this,
as separate fields with the correct names.
I want save that as a view.
I'm going to createOrReplaceTempView,
and let's call the view BankDeposits.
Now I'm going to select from that and let's look four things where
the amount is, say, over $200.
We're going to use SQL to do that.
I'm going to say bankDepositsSelectDF equals spark.sql.
What would be the query?
This is the view,
this is the field,
and I want it to be greater than 200.
I'm going to select all the fields that I want from the view called BankDeposits,
where amount is greater than 200.
Now I want to take those results and write them to the console.
I'm going to write bankDepositsSelectDF.writeStream.outputMode append.
Format is console, so I can see it.
Tell it to start,
and then tell it to wait to stop till it's told to.
I'm going to clear this terminal to make it easier to read.
This is actually a script that stored under homework space.
There's a script to run this Python file.
So if I ls, I can see that it's the submit-bank-deposits.sh.
I'm going to say./submit-bank-deposits-sh.
This only works if I first cd/home/workspace.
Now it's found all the Java libraries it needs,
and now it's running the Spark application.
We're waiting to see the deposits greater than $200.
This part can take a minute or two,
and there's the data.
Now let's look at the amounts.
They are all over 200.
The Spark SQL is working correctly.
Congratulations if you got that working,
and if you're still working on it, that's okay.
We're going to learn this together.
I'm going kill this by seeing Control C.